0.76 migration guide (#1045)
vegaprotocol/documentation: versioned_docs/version-v0.75/node-operators/migration-guides/upgrade-node.md

  ...
  ...
  [[EvtForward.EVMBridges]]
    Level = "Info"
    PollEventRetryDuration = "500ms"
    MaxEthereumBlocks = 500
    ChainID = "42161"
```

:::warning Max blocks
You must select a big enough value for the `MaxEthereumBlocks` because Arbitrum produces about five blocks per second. If the range is too small, your node will not keep up with the rest of the network.
:::

:::note Find blocks span for your RPC provider
You must check how big the span of the blocks is that you can use with your provider. Otherwise, your validator won't be able to validate events from the Arbitrum network.

The default value(500) is usually more than enough. If your provider limits it, you should use the maximum allowed range. 

To find the block span allowed by your RPC provider call the following query:

```
curl https://RPC_URL_FOR_ARBITRUM \
  -X POST \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  --data '{"method":"eth_getLogs","params":[{"address": "0xE4D5c6aE46ADFAF04313081e8C0052A30b6Dd724", "fromBlock": "207349352", "toBlock": "207349392"}],"id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0"}'
```

Manipulate the `fromBlock` and `toBlock` values to find the correct allowed block range.
:::

## Before you upgrade

> Please read the changelogs to see all the changes. Below you can find a list of the changes you must perform before the upgrade to [v0.75.6 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.6).

Reviewer: We should update link for the changelog

> Please read the changelogs to see all the changes. Below you can find a list of the changes you must perform before the upgrade to [v0.75.6 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.75.6).

Author: ```suggestion
Please read the changelogs to see all the changes. Below you can find a list of the changes you must perform before the upgrade to [v0.76.1 ↗](https://github.com/vegaprotocol/vega/releases/tag/v0.76.1).
```

  - data-node config
3. Compare the new generated file in the temp location and the old file to see the differences.

## Upgrade your node
To upgrade the network follow the [protocol upgrade documentation](../how-to/upgrade-network.md).

## After you upgrade

> 1. There is a new network parameter for `evmbridgeconfigs`. This value is hard-coded as it needs to be available when your node starts up.

Reviewer: I am not sure if it is important but the network param is called: `blockchains.evmBridgeConfigs`

> 1. There is a new network parameter for `evmbridgeconfigs`. This value is hard-coded as it needs to be available when your node starts up.

Author: ```suggestion
1. There is a new network parameter for `blockchains.evmBridgeConfigs`. This value is hard-coded as it needs to be available when your node starts up.
```
